The time limit on both
their Wings and Arrows
have now expired.
They've been returned to Saki.
I'll shoot Mr. Hoshi
with a Red Arrow.
And after that, it can turn
around and shoot Miss Yumiki.
[Hoshi] Got it.
At this point, I think
we can trust them.
We shouldn't need
any Arrows now.
Well, I'm not so
sure about that.
The news report said that the
police still intend to capture
the God candidates.
Mr. Hoshi, at our next
meeting with Professor Yoneda,
would you be able to attend
as a representative
of the police?
Yes.
Together, I think
we can convince him.
Right.
[wings flapping]
[opening theme music]
[electronic buzzing]
Professor?
[thudding sound]
Now then, regarding my request,
what progress have
you been able to make?
Well, you see-
[thudding sound]
I want you to take this.
When you have a chance,
prioritize using it on powerful
and competent ministers.
[Suzuki] Yes, Professor.
[Yoneda] Both the Metro
and the National Police?
[Suzuki] Yes, the top
officials in both agencies
had already been
shot with Red Arrows.
Red did that.
I'm not surprised,
once those snipers attacked
the God candidates,
it would've been a
natural course of action
for them to take to
protect themselves.
It's all right, I don't
believe they wanna fight.
I think they just wanna
continue our discussion
without fear of
being assassinated.
So you need to make
the announcement soon.
Understood.
[door opening]
We got word from one of the
Red-Arrowed commissioners.
[Yumiki] Prime Minister Suzuki
is making an emergency
announcement at 5:00 pm today.
Citizens of Japan,
the series of events known
as the God selection process
which has caused stir both
here and abroad is very real.
Professor Gaku Yoneda
has asked the government
to provide a safe place for
the God candidates to gather
for a discussion.
We've talked it over.
After extensive deliberations,
we decided to grant his request,
and offer the new national
stadium as a secure venue
for the God candidates
to hold their meeting.
We're taking this opportunity
to announce that decision.
They want us to meet
at the new stadium?
The meeting is set
for October 10th
at one o'clock in the afternoon.
Did he really say October 10th?
That's in five days!
[Suzuki] As a matter of
prudence, on that day,
anyone living within a
kilometer of the stadium
will be asked to evacuate.
Anyone who refuses
to leave voluntarily
will be forcibly
removed by the police
and Self-Defense Force.
Is he crazy?
Why would he announce
where we'll be
when we were all just
shot at a few days ago?
Professor Yoneda has also
asked us to broadcast
the following video message.
I am Gaku Yoneda.
Since the attack on
the God candidates,
I've been listening to
people here in Japan
and around the world.
I'm pleased to report that
the majority of those people
seem to agree with me
on the subject of God.
In the modern era, we
have no need of a God,
much less a false God or
creature as I call it.
That is the logical conclusion.
Unfortunately,
as we were discussing this
subject the other day,
our chat was disrupted and
we were forced to stop.
It's clear to me why someone
would go to the trouble
of trying to kill all
of the God candidates.
A bullet traveling faster
than the speed of sound
is something none of us
would be able to dodge
if we didn't know it was coming.
However, if it
took even a second
for every God candidate to die,
the last one with
breath in his body
would automatically
become the creature
and not die at all.
[Temari gasping]
[suspenseful music]
Knowing that, I ask
that all governments
not attempt to kill us.
Allow us to handle this
dilemma amongst ourselves.
We will broadcast the
discussion from start to finish
and reach a conclusion
that will satisfy everyone.
To that end, we'll see
you on October 10th
at the new national stadium.
So, five days and it's over.
Gotta trust the professor.
Once again, all
citizens are asked
to stay away from the area
of the new national stadium
on October 10th.
Yoneda shot the Prime
Minister with a Red Arrow.
Right.
[Mirai] Tell me something,
is what Professor
Yoneda was saying
at the end of his message true?
It is, Mirai.
If all the God candidates
dropped out of the
running at the same time,
it would lead to the
result he predicted.
The last remaining candidate
would automatically
become the next God.
If that's the case, then
this has to be a trap, right?
Not really.
I think the professor was just
trying to set up a safe place
for all of us to
meet as he promised.
[Hoshi] I agree.
Yoneda is just supremely
self-confident.
Yeah, to a fault.
There's no way to
talk to that guy.
[Hoshi] We don't
know that for sure.
As his old high
school classmate,
I intend to try every
approach I can think of.
You really don't get it, do you?
I don't want someone
to become God,
just so I can keep my Red Arrow
and go out and enjoy life.
Unless someone is chosen
and takes over the job,
there's no way of making it
like the God selection
process never happened.
Am I right, Yazeli?
That is correct.
So, until that takes place,
Professor Yoneda aside,
no one who used to
be a God candidate
will be able to find happiness.
Probably.
If you ask me,
killing Professor Yoneda
would be our best option.
[ominous music]
That's no different
from what Metropoliman
attempted to do.
Up until now, we've
all tried very hard
not to go down that path.
[Mirai] We won't be
able to find happiness.
Oh, Mirai.
I couldn't bear that.
[snake hissing]
[Nakaumi gasping]
[Yoneda] This protein
is quite precious.
[birds chirping]
[Nakaumi breathing nervously]
All right then, it's
time to begin the test.
I'm here at the Diet Building,
where all sessions have
been abruptly suspended.
It's been three days.
Despite intense questioning
from the opposition,
the current administration is
still maintaining its silence.
[suspenseful music]
We can consider these suicides?
[Yoneda] That's right.
It's all part of your efforts
to help people leave
this life behind.
There's no problem with it.
[suspenseful music]
[Minamikawa panting]
Don't go out until they
finally pick a God?
You've gotta be kidding me.
My phone doesn't even
get reception in my room.
[phone ringing]
[Sayuri] Hello?
Sayuri?
[Sayuri] Minamikawa?
I've been so worried!
I couldn't get in touch with you
and you haven't been to school.
I'm sorry, I've developed
feelings for someone.
[Sayuri] What?
You're terrible!
No, it's not what you think.
And, anyway, it's
not some girl I met.
It's a guy.
[Sayuri] Excuse me?
Sorry, this is still
coming out wrong.
I can't explain over the phone.
Can you meet me in the park?
[Sayuri] You mean now?
Yes, please!
[Temari grunting]
Oh, come on.
We should just ignore
the world's response.
I've spend my time online
looking at beauty sites.
[Mirai] It's 10%.
What?
That's the percentage of
people who believe in God.
Split across various religions,
roughly half the
world's population
used to believe in
some kind of God.
After Professor Yoneda's speech,
that number's fallen to 10%.
[Temari] Yeah,
what's your point?
That means after
giving it some thought,
most people have now
come to the conclusion
that God doesn't exist.
There have to be some people
who still believe in God.
Of course.
But even if someone
does become God,
most people won't recognize
them as a supreme being
[Saki] Mirai.
Hm?
Depending on how our
next discussion goes,
you could very well
end up becoming God.
You haven't changed your
mind about that, have you?
Mm-mm.
Then, I'd like to talk
to you in private again,
before we have that discussion.
[Sayuri] So it's Red,
the God candidate, huh?
[Minamikawa] Yeah, I guess
he's the one who's on my mind.
All things considered,
you've been through a lot.
[Minamikawa] Mm.
I wonder how the God
selection process will go.
The city feels different
than usual, it scares me.
[Minamikawa] It'll be all right.
Huh?
We should be fine
with the new God.
Professor Yoneda's smart,
so he can handle it.
As for all the others, everyone
else is kind and empathetic.
I sure hope you're right.
I would be really
upset if it turned out
I wasn't allowed to see
you again in the new world.
Really, Sayuri?
[Sayuri] Look, a shooting star!
Yeah?
Hold on, they're flying
up from the ground,
and there are two of them.
It doesn't matter.
Whatever, make a wish.
Okay.
[gentle music]
Sayuri, what is
it you wished for?
To tell you the truth, I
wished for world peace.
Yeah, totally cliche, right?
How about you?
Oh, well, I...
Actually, my wish was
that you'd allow me
to kiss you tonight.
[Yoneda] How are you
handling the other nations?
Nothing to worry about there.
Nobody in the world
wants a Japanese citizen
to become a false God.
Your explanation was
really effective,
especially how the first and
last God candidates dying
just a second apart would
result in the last one
becoming the creature.
They've agreed not to interfere.
Professor, I've never
tasted meat this delicious
in my entire life.
The meat you're consuming
is a Chateaubriand
made with Sanda beef.
This tenderly-reared cow was
destined to be eaten by us
at this dinner tonight,
just as you were fated to
be impressed by the meal,
while the leader of this country
became a witness to your joy.
The most important lesson
to come from this moment is,
everything in the
world is predetermined.
In accordance with
this providence,
it is now time for me to
bring everything to an end.
[ominous music]
[crickets chirping]
[Mirai] I love this place.
It's where I came the
day I got my Wings.
[Saki] It's beautiful.
It's been six months and so
much has changed forever.
Not just for us.
For the whole world.
[crickets chirping]
You know what, Mirai?
I love you.
[gentle music]
Thank you, Saki.
I'm glad that neither of us...
I'm glad that
neither of us died.
I'm so glad.
[gentle music]
[Sariya gasping]
[Housewife] Good morning.
[Boy] See you later.
[Father] Don't
forget your lunch.
[High School Girl 1]
Today's the day, huh?
[High School Girl 2]
Professor Yoneda's thing?
[High School Girl 3] Yeah,
the God candidate meeting.
It's October 10th.
We're reporting today from
the new national stadium.
There are just 15
minutes remaining
before the scheduled
1:00 pm start time.
We're at Shinjuku
Imperial Gardens.
A lot of broadcast vans
and foreign media
have gathered here.
[Reporter 1] Hold on, everybody.
Professor Yoneda
has just appeared
in the middle of the stadium.
[dramatic music]
Professor Yoneda has asked
us to relay this message:
Prime Minister
Suzuki has held talks
with the leaders
of other nations.
There is no threat
of a sneak attack.
I ask that you come
to this discussion
with your minds at ease.
Ready?
[drones buzzing]
[wings flapping]
[Reporter 2] Two God
candidates have shown up.
It appears to be Red and Yellow.
Wait a minute!
Three more people have shown up.
Does this mean there are
additional God candidates?
Yoneda, do you
remember me by chance?
It's Hoshi.
We used to be classmates
in high school.
I'm currently a police officer,
but, don't worry, I
came here unarmed.
[Yoneda] Five minutes
and eight seconds.
[Hoshi gasping]
Out of 358 students that year,
you were the only person
I spoke to at any length.
That number is the total
time I spent talking,
13 seconds at the
bottom of the stairs,
and four minutes, 55 seconds
after the 50-meter sprint.
Numbers have a habit
of sticking with me.
[crowd murmuring indistinctly]
This officer's been
shot with a Red Arrow.
I presume he's here
to do your bidding,
whatever that may be.
[Mirai] You're wrong about that.
For more than a month now,
Mr. Hoshi's been acting
out of concern
for our wellbeing.
He wanted to express his
opinion to you as a friend.
I shot him with a Red Arrow
so I could give him wings.
[Yoneda] I don't recall
becoming friends.
Yes, you're right.
In high school, you avoided
associating with others.
But no matter what, you
were always kind to people.
You told me it was because
you didn't want to upset them.
I can't understand why someone
who is so considerate of
other individual's feelings
would now abandon the
people who need God.
It would appear that
you've been suffering
from a misunderstanding.
I don't like upsetting others
because I don't want anyone
saying something back to me
in response to becoming upset.
I don't want relationships
with other people.
Come on.
And you're completely wrong
about me being kind to others.
I just behaved in a way
that ensured my discussions
would be very short,
and wouldn't require any
further their interaction.
As I recall at the time,
I politely declined your
request to be friends with me.
And yet, that only led to
this obnoxious encounter.
I chose the wrong
approach with you.
Now, I realize I shouldn't
have spoken to anyone.
[Temari] So, does that
mean it was pointless
to bring Mr. Hoshi
to this meeting?
If you don't want
relationships with people,
why have you gotten
involved here?
It's like you've become
desperate for something.
Actually, you could
call me desperate.
I can't tell you how many times
I've wished I'd never
won a Nobel Prize.
Ever since then, all kinds of
people keep coming up to me.
As a result, I've become more
and more agitated over time.
It got so bad,
I even contemplated
suicide at one point.
But humans are
mysterious creatures.
When they throw one thing
away, they gain another.
It turns out by giving up
on associating with
most of humanity,
I've finally overcome my
long-term fear of people.
What?
You mean someone as arrogant
as yourself has anthropophobia?
How'd you beat it?
I came to realize
that other people
have no control over me.
Because people's
actions in the future
are predetermined from the
start, no one can resist either.
Know what that means?
We should consider what to
do within those parameters,
then act without hesitation.
We attain happiness by making
that happen before we die.
[Nakaumi] Professor.
I'm ashamed that I was simply
trying to kill myself before,
but now I know there
are things I have to do
with the professor.
Now that I'm prepared
for human interaction,
I've decided it's time to
stand before the public
and explain my thinking
to the entire world.
I've decided the most
important thing is this,
to make sure
that none of the present
God candidates prevails
and becomes a false God.
In order to accomplish that,
I must first kill the
three God candidates
who are present here today.
It's a horrible prospect,
but it's the only certain way
to prevent the creation
of the creature.
If my calculations are correct,
three of the five candidates
must die immediately.
And the remaining two
must kill each other
with White Arrows.
Of the invited guests,
only Mirai Kakehashi
possesses a White Arrow.
So he, Saki Hanakago, and
Yuri Temari must die first.
Then finally, I
and Shuji Nakaumi,
to whom I've given a White
Arrow, will kill each other.
Shuji Nakaumi will
do as I command,
since I've already shot
him with a Red Arrow,
and he is predisposed
to accept death
which reassures me
that, in the end,
we will kill each other.
I declared earlier that if we
all died, even a second apart,
the last God
candidate to pass away
would automatically
become the creature.
With that in mind,
no one will imagine
that I'm planning to kill all
of the God candidates at once.
The timing of this strategy
is extremely critical,
but White Arrows are
a creation of a being
produced by humankind.
Therefore, what are considered
simultaneous deaths,
are defined by human judgment.
The question then becomes,
how much of a difference is
still considered simultaneous?
I've already
determined the answer.
Shuji Nakaumi shot Suicidal
Person A with a Red Arrow,
then gave that person the
White Arrow I'd given to him.
Person A then fired that White
Arrow at Suicidal Person B.
The moment the Arrow was fired,
I shot my own White
Arrow at Person A.
When my Arrow struck Person
A first, Person A died.
Person B died after being
struck by Person A's White Arrow
when up to .15 seconds had
elapsed after I'd shot Person A.
At .16 seconds,
Person B didn't die.
So the last two candidates
must kill each other
with White Arrows
within .15 seconds.
If these conditions are met,
no creature will be created.
[Mirai] Ready?
I've been thinking this over.
[Saki] Huh?
Even if most people
say God isn't real,
we're not doing this
just for the minority
who still believe he exists.
There's also the God candidate's
own happiness to consider.
And the professor's
standing in the way of that.
No matter how hard we try,
if Professor Yoneda won't agree
to making one of the God
candidates the new God,
[suspenseful music]
then he'll have to die.
[Nasse] Mirai!
[suspenseful music]
[closing theme music]